# Seminari
A project of the course in Seminars at "Sapienza University of Rome" where two surveys are displayed regarding topics on machine learning

## First survey: XAI for Continual Learning
In the real world to solve problems there is a need to adapt to all kinds of situations. With the advent of AI, we want this flexibility to be maintained in the field of machine learning as well. To this end, continual learning was born, the goal of which is to learn all tasks that are asked of it. One of the main problems, however, is catastrophic forgetting which causes models learning a new task to "forget" the task they were previously trained on producing a drop in performance. In this paper, we will look at all the main methods that serve to counter catastrophic forgetting in continual learning

## Second survey: Explainable Artificial Intelligence
Artificial intelligence has been used more and more in recent years. Every year powerful new systems are being produced that can simplify very complex problems and that can be useful in finding solutions in areas that were thought to have none. However, there remains a problem underlying neural networks, namely, how they work. We can understand the structure that a model has but it is difficult to understand the operations that take place within it. This is because most models are like black boxes in which input goes in and we trust what the black box gives as output. To solve these problems, Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) was born whose task is to explain the internal mechanisms of networks. In this paper, the main XAI post-hoc methods, which are based on the analysis of the model output, will be analyzed, but self-interpretable models will also be described, which are models that due to their structure allow us to get information without the need to analyze the output.
